okay so if if your internet is crap turn
off video and we'll do audio only I mean
you know what I look like okay my engine
Ignatian cool so there's a little icon
at the bottom the bottom on the left
hand side there's an icon it says stop
video and it just looks like a little
box but it's actually a picture of a
camera yeah there you go okay so that's
that's that's normally more level I are
you totally great sounds perfect yeah
any of your facebook messages cool cool
cool I just recall you know in group we
used to be in the same group I think it
was as you saw Sam or Ava's group um you
know I sent you some suggestions there I
think you just said like oh thanks to
the length like I really like I really
was sincere I was just like oh look I
think we had some interaction like that
you wouldn't necessarily remember I have
interactions like that too where I don't
really know the person is someone just
sends me something and I say thanks so
you know I'm not I'm really not
complaining it was a great day yeah yeah
yeah kind of my face that can get
messages Coco you know but I just say
I'm really not complaining when I said I
was just describing like oh yeah like I
think we did talk a little bit but
whatever like that was I was just saying
factually I think so I thought you knew
me was also because back at that time me
and vegan revolution were friends so
just I also assumed you knew me just for
that reason because like me and me and
Revolution we were close for a while
like you know we talked about our
personal lives and you know like I
talked about mine he talked about his so
like at that time and you and he were
friends and he and I were friends so I
assumed you just kind of knew me
indirectly you know what I mean
yeah I did not even directly um I've
actually been considering regionality
for quite a long time I guess of being a
bit cautious just because I why have I
been cautious I guess you're quite a
controversial guy in terms of your
relationships to the community yeah even
though man I think like you'd be you'd
be really really good on the show ah
because you're quite fact driven and
just like I was a bit disappointed when
he had everybody's attention
in the summer I see the long video
denouncing during Ryder where you I
think he cried at the end of it you know
the long one them yeah yeah traction yep
disappoint I thought this
great opportunity for him to now now
he's got the big platform to put out
political videos but he kind of just
kept doing videos about this sort of
meaningless drama
it's your perspective but from obras
where I was doing direct videos with my
life to me you know my videos just
reflect whatever is going on in my life
but you know I'm not calling you out and
do you really like well no but just you
know look I just say no no I don't mind
it's totally totally worth no comment I
have over 400 videos uploaded now I've
covered I've done a lot of videos about
politics nobody can say I've failed to
upload enough videos about politics and
politics connected to veganism politics
connected the area canadough concepts
I've done a lot of videos on politics
definitely over 100 maybe over 200 my
videos about politics I don't I don't
want to estimate that in terms of what I
talked about I mean just you may not
remember during that time after the
controversy with Durham Ryder the next
big topic I took on was domestication of
animals so that is political and that is
meaningful so you know pet ownership and
that stuff so I just say your memory may
be maybe slightly inaccurate if you
think I was just talking about
meaningless drama uh no I mean taking on
pet ownership and you know feeding cow
meat to pet cats that was a big big deal
I've made videos about vivisection I
made a lot of very political videos
during that time and the only thing I'd
say is it's a bit of an illusion if you
think I suddenly had a big platform I
actually remember discussing that with
cheetah
I remember cheetah asked me about that
about my numbers and the reality was
basically just those couple of videos
about during my tour had a big spike in
interest and then when I turned my
attention to other issues within
veganism like vivisection like pet
ownership
you know what cat food is made of
accreting feeding cows to cats that
stuff basically had the same audience as
the videos I was making before
durianrider you know threatened to beat
me up so there really wasn't an increase
in my audience as much like before
during writer defame me I had a little
bit of a steam going justly I made a lot
of videos in Canada just before I left
for China you know I had a little bit of
time it was actually literally while I
was packing to move to China it was like
throwing
furniture and the garbage and stuff it
was leaving leaving Canada side a little
bit extra time to make video so I made a
lot of videos that during that time like
a hit video would get 2000 views and
after during writer defaming it was
still the same size of audience like you
know a good video would get 2000 years
so it's I'm not criticizing you of just
out of interest saying it's really not
true the size of my audience didn't grow
much and also the type of content I made
didn't change much but I mean it's true
I mean for example I was under pressure
to give updates on my legal case because
I did the fund raising so if you
consider those drama videos and that's
drama but from my perspective it's not
because I was getting the money and
paying the lawyer and doing all that
stuff which by the way really happens
it's not it's not a scam it's very
boring but it's not a scam I did
actually get the money eventually and
paid a lawyer there were just a whole
bunch of stupid delays and that is that
is real an ongoing coming that you chose
male in LA and I suggest I think I said
something's showing to the effect of
this a bit of evidence to suggest that
it is a scam so I didn't say was a scam
but I if if I was completely wrong man I
cut the video out I apologize it's okay
it's okay but there's no reason why you
know so I'm not mad you I mean like the
the people or I think it's a joke it's
the people who have talked to me and
where I've shown them the evidence and
talked about it it's like well don't
pretend we didn't have that conversation
so it was Jo vegan for months I was
saying to him like look here's the
evidence I can give you if you want to
know more I can tell you more but the
legal details are really boring right
and also like no offense to Jo vegan but
he really has no education he's not that
bright like I could talk through with
him what the legal details are but it's
not like I can just show him a document
written in like legal English and that
he's going to understand what's going on
and I'm really not saying that to insult
him but like that stuff is hard to
understand like it's just a legal
document and it doesn't even make sense
in English you know what I mean and of
course the legal documents are actually
in Thai they're not in English okay most
of them but so for months with Jo vegan
I was like look like I provided him with
evidence and it was also clear and come
say look if you want more you can talk
to me like you know you know I can
provide more if you're interested
whether you want
more explanation in what evidence
whatever and he was choosing to ignore
that and kind of keep defaming me this
way and also the only thing that sable
Joe vegan he knew that Joe best was a
bullshitter he already had his own
experience with Joe best lying to him
about all kinds of stuff so it was like
you know so Joe vegan they're both
called Joe but anyway so I kill V it's
like dude you already know Joe best lies
about everything so why are you taking
his lies and pretending they're true
when you know I'm telling you the truth
and providing you with documents so
that's really a unique situation but in
terms of other people if people don't
know I don't blame them well whatever
you know I want to come back to vegan
revolution for a second and like I don't
criticize you for being friends to begin
revolution I used to be friends with him
and like I say even though like I don't
know his name like you know I just call
him Villar you know we did we did we
were close enough that we talked about
you know we talked about our families
and our ex-girlfriends and stuff like
that you know I mean we did have
personal conversations but when Villar
turned on me he turned on the old way
and he was you know insulting me in very
personal terms and saying that I should
be prevented from seeing my own daughter
that I was a threat to my daughter that
I was a threat to my ex-wife he was
making up the most ridiculous myths CIA
stuff that I secretly work for the CIA
but also like deeply personal stuff like
about my marriage and my divorce and
what-have-you and he was feeding that
stuff to durianrider
and the stuff he said durianrider the
during right haven't tried to use
against me
it included I think just complete lies
but also concluded personal things he
knew about me from when we were friends
so vegan revolution in terms of a
scumbag move and in terms of turning on
me that was one of my first big lessons
like wow people will go all the way low
and so when you said earlier and again
I'm not complaining but you said earlier
like oh well you're controversial and
your relationships people controversial
like vegan revolution is a clear case I
can't take any of the blame for that I
can't say to you like well I really
regret that I talked to there like like
it's really my fault what happened to
know the situation why have to say this
is 100 percent now less and lies from VR
that I can't you know what I mean so I
mean it
right he went once the bridges burn was
that guy he can be bit over the top so I
believe what you're saying and actually
you've told me elf what he said to you
and I think you swearing it's just
pretty harsh and like you [ __ ] this
you [ __ ] that like really really hard
[ __ ] so I get that I get that out of
order I completely don't condone that
but I think it's because of him the key
that I haven't reached out please just I
wouldn't with my stuff
I'm really trying to lay out the yeah
that's why I've got asked amazing like
extremely entertaining video that I did
with that vegan cheats at where it's
just me grilling the [ __ ] out of them
for about five minutes is like 60
minutes so I don't know if you're
familiar of the journalist Jeremy Paxman
no no but it doesn't matter I can
imagine
good yeah just me like bacon you going
through all the stuff that you've done
this being hypocritical um but so I've
got that on unlisted on YouTube and I'm
just like I'm really not sure whether I
want to share it and I've always been
careful about reaching out to you as
well because you know even worse
yourself and the whole Turing wait wait
a minute
I did I chose that really was that my
choice did I choose that I think we've
got a track record of falling out wait a
minute wait a minute wait a minute wait
a minute did I choose any of the [ __ ]
vegan revolution did did I choose any of
the [ __ ] during right or did close I
know close you've never asked you ever
taking interest but you have blamed me
for everything when the reality is like
I said in recent videos I know close
close I know but it's you de facto
you're blaming me because you're saying
well you have a tracker
Klaus here's my track record I reached
out positively to cooperate even with
vegan Ava I'm someone who's reached out
positively to cooperate with people who
are idiots people who hate me people
who've insulted me again and again and
again I've shown a ton of goodwill
towards people including towards cheetah
even after cheetah was insulting me I
was still being positive them trying to
cooperate with them okay I've been
positive towards
really I made an apology video too
freely I made an apology video to vegan
revolution nobody else does that close
so I know you're not aware of it but
you're actually ignoring a ton of
evidence of Who I am and what kind of
person I am I am the kind of person who
when vegan revolution is mad at me for
no good reason I still make an apology
video to them I'm the kind of person who
when durianrider threatens to beat me up
and put me in prison I make an apology
video too freely
just to show goodwill just to show that
I'm honest
just because durianrider asked me to
apologize to freely freely never asked
by the way I'm within six degrees of
separation with her I know people who
talk to her regularly I don't talk to
her directly but like I would have heard
from her she wanted me to make that
video because she has ways to talk to me
she's ways to pass on a message to your
mutual friend right so like dude that's
part of who I am and you're ignoring
that and again it's like it's not if not
really a complaint but like your
impression that my channel got any less
political or got involved with drama
after durianrider threatened me it is
really not true so I mean I know you can
get into a perception of who someone is
what kind of person they are but there's
a lot of evidence that you're ignoring
what do you want me do what would have
satisfied you oh like you mean you know
so no no it's like like close I'm not
I'm not complaining I'm really just
explaining like yes and now I didn't eat
it but like what what did I do you want
video screen people is that enough well
no I closed I'm not I'm not even after
them I'm really just telling you like
okay is this the first time I'm talking
to you but here's the situation that's
the frame for like you know because you
you've explained like how you perceive
me at what you know which is totally
fine and I'm just explaining okay well
you know this is how I see you and it's
it's that circumstance but for me like I
don't come at it with like I have a
checklist for whether or not you're good
enough I don't feel away at all and no I
just say but I remind you like even
someone like vegan Ava
so vegan Ava has seriously defamed me on
the internet she said I'm a scam artist
she said insulting things about my wife
and my daughter and my divorce but also
like she's claimed that like financially
I'm a criminal running a scam and like
my wrists
phonce was like look vegan vegan AVO
like let's talk on skype like let's make
something positive out of this like I'm
an activist you're an activist who care
about veganism let's do something
positive so like even someone like her
who's an idiot and it's a terrible human
being and who's really tried to hurt me
that's my response so that's that's I'm
saying is like don't worry like close
even if you've done a lot worse I would
still be open to you know trying to
co-op with you trying to make something
positive happen but actually some would
ask you when you said like what would be
what would I like you to do I really
love it when you have time you can hear
them as a podcast you don't just watch
on YouTube watch those two videos I
named that if you wrote them down to
watch the one video I did with the one
video yes the azaria the full title is
something like the agony of activism as
saria's names you can search for Zarya
and the other one is titled on community
and that video I posted it first in
English and then it's been translated
into German and Chinese and Japanese and
the other translations I'm still
speaking English but that has subtitles
in the other language so if you get one
of the other versions it's basically the
same video but with with that at the
bottom so that's honestly that's what it
asks you to do because that really kind
of tells you who I am and how I feel
about veganism and why I'm so passionate
about it you know because I really am I
I want you to come to London Nikkei and
I'll show you a vegan community and
we'll see man anyway look we talk it's
nice meeting you along last close and
like I said you know I hope we can make
something positive happen out of it and
I would try that even if you were a
terrible person like Vijay but even
you're a terrible person like during
right / freely I really did try to be
positive with a lot of people and a lot
of that is obviously invisible to you
but I have been out here trying to make
some positive that for a long time and
hey maybe hey if you want to look great
this won't be yet a be a couple months
from now but maybe when I'm trying to
get the the story book published I mean
you can read the story book the story is
online a look on my you - I read it out
and you can see the Chinese and the
English and other Russian translation is
also my channel but I mean like at some
point when that's news it'll be a few
months from now if you wanted to you
could have a new story about that story
book that's something completely
positive and it's not drama and it's
just hey some some vegans got together
and tried to make a story book to teach
children about veganism you know
I'm up for that yeah message me if I
don't talk to you before email me
whatever when when that's published cool
but like I said there'll be at least a
few months from now but we're working on
cool great talking you close and I'll
talk to you again